0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

`0-hello_world` prints "Hello, World" followed by a new line to the standard output

`1-confused_smiley` displays a confused smiley

`2-hellofile` displays contents of the /etc/passwd

`3-twofiles` display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts

`4-lastlines` display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

`5-firstlines` display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

`6-third_line` displays the third line of the file iacta, which is in the working directory

`7-file` creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new lin

`8-cwd_state` writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten and if the file ls_cwd_content does not exist,its created by the same comman

`9-duplicate_last_line` duplicates the last line of the file iacta

`10-no_more_js` delete all the regular files with a .js extension present in the current directory and all its subfolders

`11-directories` counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory; current and parent directories should not be taken into account and hiddeb directories should be counted

`12-newest_files` displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.

`13-unique` takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once,words should be sorted

`14-findthatword` display lines containing the pattern "root" from the file /etc/passwd

Commit message:

Display the number of lines that contain the pattern “bin” in the file /etc/passwd

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

`0-hello_world` prints "Hello, World" followed by a new line to the standard output

`1-confused_smiley` displays a confused smiley

`2-hellofile` displays contents of the /etc/passwd

`3-twofiles` display the content of /etc/passwd and /etc/hosts

`4-lastlines` display the last 10 lines of /etc/passwd

`5-firstlines` display the first 10 lines of /etc/passwd

`6-third_line` displays the third line of the file iacta, which is in the working directory

`7-file` creates a file named exactly \*\\'"Best School"\'\\*$\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line (**wrong code**)

`8-cwd_state` writes into the file ls_cwd_content the result of the command ls -la. If the file ls_cwd_content already exists, it should be overwritten and if the file ls_cwd_content does not exist,its created by the same comman

`9-duplicate_last_line` duplicates the last line of the file iacta

`10-no_more_js` delete all the regular files with a .js extension present in the current directory and all its subfolders

`11-directories` counts the number of directories and sub-directories in the current directory; current and parent directories should not be taken into account and hiddeb directories should be counted

`12-newest_files` displays the 10 newest files in the current directory.

`13-unique` takes a list of words as input and prints only words that appear exactly once,words should be sorted

`14-findthatword` display lines containing the pattern "root" from the file /etc/passwd

`15-countthatword` display the number of lines that contain the pattern bin in the file /etc/passwd
